+91 8143731980  08562 295972

EAPCET CODE: KSRM; Programs Offered: CSE, AIML, CSE(DS), CSE(AIML), ECE, EEE, CIVIL, MECH

Home
About 
Departments 
Academics 
NAAC
IQAC
Mandatory Disclosure
T & P Cell 
Campus Life 
Examinations
Degree Verification
Contact Us 
Online Fee Payment 
KGCET
Freshers 2025-26
Stakeholders 
NIRF
Feedback
Graduation Day-2K26 
Department of Management Studies
About Department
HOD Profile
Board of Studies
Programmes
Laboratories
Syllabus

 

Vision

To emerge as a recognized center of excellence for management education, fostering creative learning and research excellence to produce ethical leaders with an entrepreneurial mindset, dedicated to applying management principles for sustainable solutions that uphold human values and contribute to national development

Mission

M1: Delivering management education by integrating innovative pedagogy, cutting edge research, and competent faculty.

M2: Developing future competent and ethical leaders with operational expertise through value-based education and experiential learning to address complex business challenges.

M3: Fostering research-oriented, dynamic & conducive learning environment via team spirit, effective communication, and win-win approaches to achieve organizational excellence.

M4: Cultivating critical thinking, innovation, and entrepreneurial skills through business simulations and startup cells to develop sustainable solutions for national/ global business challenges.

Programme Educational Objectives

PEO1 : Facilitate students to apply contemporary management practices, and provide exposure to modern industry requirements to address complex challenges as a member of a domestic/global firm.

PEO2 : To impart value-based management education and pragmatic leadership training in a dynamic learning environment that empowers students to communicate their innovative ideas collaboratively and ethically resolve complex corporate problems.

PEO3 : Nurture the abilities among graduates to integrate the management theories into practice and establish or lead business enterprises through the blend of research and innovation for socio-economic growth.

Programme Outcomes

PO1 : Apply management theories and interdisciplinary knowledge to solve real-world business challenges by formulating, demonstrating, evaluating, and synthesizing effective solutions.

PO2 : Integrate value-based leadership competencies into decision-making by leveraging analytical and critical thinking skills.

PO3 : Conduct rigorous research and employ advanced statistical methodologies to drive data-informed problem-solving and strategic decision-making.

PO4 : Apply modern tools and processes across business functions, fostering innovative thinking, entrepreneurial orientation, and lifelong learning to drive organizational development.

PO5 - : Demonstrate effective communication and collaboration skills to lead and succeed in culturally diverse and technology-driven environments.

PO6 : Cultivate adaptability to changing business landscapes, demonstrating commitment to continuous learning in entrepreneurship, sustainability and ethical practices.

© 2016 KSRM COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING. All Rights Reserved.
Home About Us Contact Us